feat(vllm): add aggregated LMCache MP-mode launch script and align docs (#9982)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/integrations/lmcache-integration.md

## Installation Notes

Dynamo's vLLM runtime expects LMCache to be present in the same Python environment. On supported environments (x86_64, Python 3.10-3.13, PyTorch built against CUDA 12.x), the published wheel installs directly:

```bash
uv pip install lmcache
```

LMCache only publishes x86_64 manylinux wheels linked against CUDA 12. For aarch64 hosts, or hosts running PyTorch built against a different CUDA major version, build LMCache from source against your matching torch + CUDA stack — see the official [LMCache installation guide](https://docs.lmcache.ai/getting_started/installation.html).

LMCacheMPConnector is currently incompatible with vLLM 0.20.0.
vLLM 0.20.0 uses new KV formats (6, 7) not supported in LMCache’s MP path.
This causes: `RuntimeError: Unsupported GPUKVFormat: 7` and failed cache retrievals.
Status: Fixed in LMCache main, not yet released.

> Workarounds: Build LMCache from source with the fix until this [PR](https://github.com/LMCache/LMCache/pull/3282) is a part of the release.

Reviewer: A few small issues with this paragraph:

- **Version framing is misleading.** `pyproject.toml:53` already pins `vllm==0.21.0`, so the reader gets the impression *"incompatible with 0.20.0"* means *"already fixed in what we ship"* — but the issue actually affects all vLLM ≥ 0.20.0 until the LMCache release lands. Make the affected range explicit.
- **Smart-quote on line 24** (`LMCache’s`) — inconsistent with the rest of the file's ASCII apostrophes.
- **Five colon-led statements at column 0** read better as a labelled callout.

```suggestion
> **Compatibility note**
>
> `LMCacheMPConnector` needs the fix from [LMCache#3282](https://github.com/LMCache/LMCache/pull/3282), which is on LMCache `main` but not yet released. Without it, the MP path fails on vLLM ≥ 0.20.0 (including the `vllm==0.21.0` Dynamo currently pins) with `RuntimeError: Unsupported GPUKVFormat: 7` — vLLM 0.20+ uses GPU KV formats 6 / 7 that the MP path doesn't yet handle.
>
> Until the next LMCache release, build LMCache from source against that PR.
```

LMCache only publishes x86_64 manylinux wheels linked against CUDA 12. For aarch64 hosts, or hosts running PyTorch built against a different CUDA major version, build LMCache from source against your matching torch + CUDA stack — see the official [LMCache installation guide](https://docs.lmcache.ai/getting_started/installation.html).

> LMCache is compatible with vLLM 0.20.0 after [PR](https://github.com/LMCache/LMCache/pull/3282).

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to make it more explicit, for example:

```
LMCacheMPConnector is currently incompatible with vLLM 0.20.0.

vLLM 0.20.0 uses new KV formats (6, 7) not supported in LMCache’s MP path.

This causes: `RuntimeError: Unsupported GPUKVFormat: 7` and failed cache retrievals.

Status: Fixed in LMCache main, not yet released.

Workarounds: Build LMCache from source with the fix until this [PR](https://github.com/LMCache/LMCache/pull/3282) is a part of the release.
```

The system automatically configures KV transfer based on the deployment mode and worker type:

#### Aggregated Mode

```python
kv_transfer_config = KVTransferConfig(
    kv_connector="LMCacheMPConnector",
    kv_role="kv_both"
)

> ```

Author: `lmcache.mp.port` has a default value so no need to set it.

The system automatically configures KV transfer based on the deployment mode and worker type:

#### Aggregated Mode

> ```python
> kv_transfer_config = KVTransferConfig(
>     kv_connector="LMCacheMPConnector",
>     kv_role="kv_both"
> )

Reviewer: **Missing port wiring.** The shipped `agg_lmcache_mp.sh:49` passes `kv_connector_extra_config={"lmcache.mp.port": $LMCACHE_PORT}`. Users following only this snippet who change the LMCache port from the default have no way to discover the connector-side key.

```suggestion
kv_transfer_config = KVTransferConfig(
    kv_connector="LMCacheMPConnector",
    kv_role="kv_both",
    kv_connector_extra_config={"lmcache.mp.port": 5555},
)
```
